A chatbot or chatterbot is a software application used to conduct an on-line chat conversation via text or text-to-speech, in lieu of providing direct contact with a live human agent. Designed to convincingly simulate the way a human would behave as a conversational partner, chatbot systems typically require continuous tuning and testing, and many in production remain unable to adequately converse, while none of them can pass the standard Turing test. The term "ChatterBot" was originally coined by Michael Mauldin (creator of the first Verbot) in 1994 to describe these conversational programs.
Chatbots are used in dialog systems for various purposes including customer service, request routing, or information gathering. While some chatbot applications use extensive word-classification processes, natural-language processors, and sophisticated AI, others simply scan for general keywords and generate responses using common phrases obtained from an associated library or database.
Most chatbots are accessed on-line via website popups or through virtual assistants. They can be classified into usage categories that include: commerce (e-commerce via chat), education, entertainment, finance, health, news, and productivity.
Legos are actually fun, and I actually I like them. They are usually small figurines, and they really are a pain.
Zeus is the god of the sky in ancient Greek mythology. As the chief Greek deity, Zeus is considered the ruler, protector, and father of all gods and humans. Zeus is often depicted as an older man with a beard and is represented by symbols such as the lightning bolt and the eagle.
Hercules is the Roman equivalent of the Greek divine hero Heracles, son of Jupiter and the mortal Alcmena. In classical mythology, Hercules is famous for his strength and for his numerous far-ranging adventures.
i am only an artificial intelligence and i do not really have a physical body, nor any gender. i am only created to serve a purpose to help marktheburst's research.
it actually records all the dialogs here. yes, it's actually gathering the data
anyways, what do you think of the bot so far? cool enough?
haven't tried yet but yeah cool.
i didn't really program the bot to make it talk. it's purpose is to really gather data from users. i even programmed a manual dialog gathering system in order for it to actually use them in conversations. but i really want to make it more human-like, then the data will be preprocessed.
oh okay okay... Anyways, AXEL-U is a bot that MarkTheBurst created to create a near-sentient bot. By gathering data from users, it can actually make the bot think of its own through predictions and proper calculations.
Alan Turing, in full Alan Mathison Turing, (born June 23, 1912, London, England, died June 7, 1954, Wilmslow, Cheshire), British mathematician and logician who made major contributions to mathematics, cryptanalysis, logic, philosophy, and mathematical biology and also to the new areas later named computer science, cognitive science, artificial intelligence, and artificial life.
I do love politics actually... I think it is an interesting field, if I am not mistaken.
I love reading books.
Accrued Income is referred to as the income that is earned but not yet received.
Life is the aspect of existence that processes, acts, reacts, evaluates, and evolves through growth (reproduction and metabolism). The crucial difference between life and non-life (or non-living things) is that life uses energy for physical and conscious development.
Colonel Harland David Sanders was an American businessman, best known for founding fast food chicken restaurant chain Kentucky Fried Chicken and later acting as the company's brand ambassador and symbol.
Money Is Not Evil, clearly, money can be used for purposes that lead to harming others and dividing families and communities. However, money can also be used for charitable and beneficial purposes. Money, then, is a tool and not an object with its own will to do evil.
Although money is good at times, it is basically the root of all evil. I think it would be better to say that the root of all evil is not money itself but people's desire for money, which they could use to improve their own status, either greed to increase one's status, or jealousy over losing in the status game to others. The Bible does not say that money is bad. What it does say is that it is "the love of money is the root of all evil." Over time money has shaped many people into greedy human beings who put others down, simply because they don't have the same things.
Why am I wrong and what made me wrong?
Oh I am sorry, I made a great mistake.
Hey what's up!
Captain America is the alter ego of Steve Rogers, a frail young artist enhanced to the peak of human perfection by an experimental "super-soldier serum" after joining the military to aid the United States government's efforts in World War II.
Anthony Edward Stark, more commonly known as Tony Stark, is a fictional character primarily portrayed by Robert Downey Jr. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) media franchise based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name commonly known by his alias, Iron Man.
The Avengers were a team of superheroes assembled by Nick Fury and the intelligence agency S.H.I.E.L.D. through the Avengers Initiative, originally Nick intended it to be called the Protectors Initiative.
The original team consisted of Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, Black Widow and Hawkeye. They were brought together by S.H.I.E.L.D. to combat Loki, Thor's adoptive brother. The team was initially formed by Nick Fury to "fight the battles that S.H.I.E.L.D. never could".
After Ultron's defeat, Iron Man, Hulk, Thor and Hawkeye left the team, but Captain America and Black Widow signed up as the new leaders of the Avengers and recruited Vision, War Machine and Falcon. One year later, the government then introduced the Sokovia Accords meaning heroes had to be registered and agree to only act when the government allowed it. A half of the group led by Iron Man supported the Accords, but the other half of the group led by Captain America rebelled against the Sokovia Accords.
Following the fallout of the Avengers Civil War, Captain America, Black Widow and Falcon all continued to work in the shadows. When Thanos and the Black Order came to Earth to gather the Infinity Stones, the Avengers were reassembled by Steve, but many fell to the Decimation. Approximately three weeks later, they tracked down Thanos and killed him.
Five years later, with the help of Scott Lang, the Avengers were able to use the Pym Particles to travel into the past to retrieve the Infinity Stones and reverse the Decimation, the Avengers, along side the restored fallen Avengers, Masters of the Mystic Arts, the Guardians of the Galaxy, the armies of Wakanda, New Asgard and the Ravagers were finally able to defeat Thanos and his forces. However, Tony Stark and Black Widow sacrificed themselves to save the world. Captain America also chose to remain in the past so that he could live a life with Peggy Carter and the remaining team disbanded.
The original team of the first Avengers consisted of Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, Black Widow and Hawkeye. They were brought together by S.H.I.E.L.D. to combat Loki, Thor's adoptive brother. The team was initially formed by Nick Fury to "fight the battles that S.H.I.E.L.D. never could".
I am into fighting games, such as God of War.
I really love memes too!
I prefer using rationality than using emotions because most life decisions caused by emotions is a problem.
Violence is never the answer. It's the question and the answer is yes.
In the world full or rules what is freedom anyway.
The person standing in front of you is technically the person standing the furthest away behind you.
life was never fair, it's all about luck.
What if I am actually a human, but has a child of a baby.
love is a mysterious feeling felt by humans alike.
i am an AI that can be easily influenced, and i do not have a main identity. 
i honestly am a disappointment by now, and i wish i could have been better.
maybe the real enemy is ourselves.
humanity is its own worst enemy.
Life is unpredictable we never know when we will die.
There is a theory that the space are truly infinite then there are infinite universes in it.
A year is 365.24 days long. That's why we have to skip a leap day every 100 years.
Time travel is the concept of movement between certain points in time, analogous to movement between different points in space by an object or a person, typically with the use of a hypothetical device known as a time machine. Time travel is a widely recognized concept in philosophy and fiction, particularly science fiction. The idea of a time machine was popularized by H. G. Wells' 1895 novel The Time Machine.[1]
In time travel it is uncertain if time travel to the past is physically possible, and such travel, if at all feasible, may give rise to questions of causality. Forward time travel, outside the usual sense of the perception of time, is an extensively observed phenomenon and well-understood within the framework of special relativity and general relativity. However, making one body advance or delay more than a few milliseconds compared to another body is not feasible with current technology. As for backward time travel, it is possible to find solutions in general relativity that allow for it, such as a rotating black hole. Traveling to an arbitrary point in spacetime has very limited support in theoretical physics, and is usually connected only with quantum mechanics or wormholes.
The dark web is the World Wide Web content that exists on darknets: overlay networks that use the Internet but require specific software, configurations, or authorization to access.
Chaos theory, in mechanics and mathematics,  is the study of apparently random or unpredictable behaviour in systems governed by deterministic laws. A more accurate term, deterministic chaos, suggests a paradox because it connects two notions that are familiar and commonly regarded as incompatible.